glTexFont Library
Source Code License Agreement
Copyright (c) 1999 Nate Miller

THE LICENSE:

The licenser, Nate Miller, is herein referred to as the "licenser".

This license agreement, the source code provided, the executable(s)
compilable thereof, and all other contents of the distributable archive
including the archive itself are herein referred to as "covered" by this
license agreement.

Reading, compiling, running, or otherwise using any item covered by this
license constitutes automatic acceptance of the rules described in this
license, as precedes and follows in the remainder of this file.

All items covered by this license agreement are the sole property of the
licenser, and are licensed as-is to the public for educational use only.
No items covered by this license may be distributed in any archive other
than that which is originally provided, and said archive may only be
distributed via mediums that require no cost for retrieval of said archive
other than those required by the medium itself and its direct providers
thereof.  None of the items covered may be modified or duplicated in any
form, with the sole exception of modifications and duplications made by
licensees for educational use only.  Said modifications and duplications
may only be made to source code covered by this license, and all said
modifications and duplications become the immediate and sole property of the
licenser.  The licenser is not responsible for any damages, direct or
indirect, that may result from usage, proper or improper, of items covered
under this license.

Any violation of the above rules must be authorized via express written
consent of the licenser, or it may be punishable by civil legal action.

THE LICENSE PARAPHRASED:

I wrote this code so people can learn from it.  If you understand it and 
find some bits and pieces useful as-is, feel free to make use of them.  
But don't go taking credit for that which is not yours, and don't go 
trying to make a buck off of my effort directly without my permission. 

Nate Miller

